hi I'm Sarah from the good food cookery
team and I'm going to show you a really
nice lai chi kok tau it's quite girly
and your boyfriend's just joined you've
got your name's Leon hi guys ok so you
could maybe make this for her maybe yes
we are definitely starting with the
right in the right way yeah do you guys
make cocktails at home anyway yeah yeah
i watch your favorite I i I'm a big fan
of Kakadu yes I know yeah we both have
very good nose beauty I smelled it ain't
so bad but have you just try and drink
it over for the ice melts that's from
your trouble yeah yeah ok well I don't
this movie it's I don't know it's got
like fresh flavors a bit like a quite
pavina this one but it is I'm serving in
martini glasses we got any more I have a
couple of martini glasses so it's gonna
look girly but you know serve it in like
a man tumblr and then you have the
Martin ghost you have ok boss or
something exactly exactly right ok so we
starting with some vodka everyone like
vodka yeah yeah yeah I like it cuz you
use just normal vodka flavored vodka or
I think for this one I'd use normal or I
don't know you get lots of the Vanilla's
and things I yeah i'm gonna show some
stuff with some vanilla vodka but for
this one and i want more kind of citrusy
flavors so I don't know there's some as
a new zealand vodka maker who makes
fidgel vodka yeah there's only one
there's only two of us in this whole
thing I'm doing rap but that would be
really nice because it has like limey
flavors I don't know what focus have you
got in your cocktail cupboards at home I
usually have a like a citron yeah vodka
um that's always probably more than I
have any other one actually yeah
but I was just wondering whether that
would go well with with this I think it
will you mean you could even do like I'm
going to put some lime juice in now so
let's burn fat let's start with that so
I've got my volcryn and now i'm going to
go juice of a couple of limes so i've
got about 100 ml of vodka and let's put
some lime juice in if you could do like
juice of one lime juice of one lemon and
then go in with your stitching vodka or
something I need to get one of these
squeezes because these are their the
best squeezes that's nice i was just
saying that as well they're definitely
looks like a ease of use it's amazing
well i think you can get them in i think
this is a lemon one i know you can get
them in different sizes there's like a
lemon and orange align this one's a
grapefruit that supposed to be really
nice with grapefruit as well I've got em
rogue the vodkas a smoker that's great
yeah yeah cuz i'm going in with some
light isa with the sweetness it can take
you know sort of anything sharp like
that what about like a but exists then
there was something because they often
but you know makes things a bit better
as well yeah yeah if you've got um my
microplane is like my best friend's a
really nice vine zest none of the white
pith because the pith is so bitter
that's what normally is the mistake
people make is kind of a really really
great loads of it and they actually
getting the white bit he just got the
green bit just be nice and fresh and
okay colorful yes as well I've seen with
us and the Kapiti nice people made their
they over edge take the appeal and
they're just with the pepper and it just
gets really better yeah yeah not for
naked what is it oh good a James Bond
Vesper as well but you just like squeeze
the orange peel oh that's not I like
things are champion I so much I'm you
know I'm a full girl when it comes to
cocktails right and then I've got a can
of light ease so really really cheap
much better for cocktails in real life
cheese because you also get all the
lovely flavored syrup in
in the can so I'm going to sieve it in
and use all of that like that so just in
I don't know you probably do need to go
to a bigger supermarket to find can
light ease but not a fancy seed market
or anything like that and then like four
of the whole light cheese in did you
substitute other sort of them stone
fruit like Rambo turns along n stuff
like that that's why you're such a Kiwi
yes mad if anyone who doesn't know what
around botanas you could also use canned
pineapple okay yeah grandma's house
apiece Oh they'd be so nice yeah really
nice what is it rambutan few hundred
specimens Elijah they're almost more
perfumed but very similar to light a bit
bigger more spiky as well like a they
like more tenderly the yeah outside of
them you've probably seen it in your
supermarket when they've got one of
those exotic fruit displays and they and
it's the thing that you think God I
wouldn't know what to do that what
happen to it it's kind of summer holiday
fruit salad bar when you kind of don't
really know what you're getting but it
all tastes delicious so now I've just
got some mint going in so Mohito fans
are like this one go for it tear the
leaves leave the woody stalks no one
wants to kind of get a bit stalk stuck
between their teeth here we go I do you
go yes yes sometimes talking be a bit
overpowering is all I think again in
there a bit more bitter like yeah
fasting something coriander like you've
really nice cocktail with a bit of
coriander um I probably go with the
stalks as well because they're sort of
really nice and just have kind of more
of a punchy flavor but yeah mint stalks
it kind of gets a bit Rua ok so that's
everything so we've got like Jews for
live cheese so I mint some ice like a
couple of handfuls of ice and vodka of
course let's just whizz this one up
Greg blenders we go is this is the foul
honestly I want one of these mushrooms
right get my martini glasses so like I
said this was quite girly i am going
martini but you could put it in your
tumblr so i can be classy hey right
could add some more crushed ice as well
if you wanted I kind of didn't want to
add too much ice you could make it
really really slushy if you added more
but then the flavors going to be diluted
a bit like you said you have to drink it
really quickly so I've had enough just
to make it really lovely and cold and
there we go and then with the rest of
the light cheese that you had just going
to add I really want a long you know
like a long screw you could go cause I
don't know whether I can this probably
isn't going to work let's have an
experiment I want that's kind of you
know like balance across there like that
but maybe not a black one if you had
something like that like has anyone ever
been on skewer com no no this is this is
an amazing website okay I don't tell
many people about it because a they
think I'm a bit weird and be not so many
people at into skewers but literally can
get about I don't know 50,000 types of
skews the only thing is you need to make
a skewer friend because you can only buy
them in packs of about 500 so you know
you need to kind of club together skewer
club right and then you can divvy out
the packs and get loads of different
okay I bet you're all there now go
honestly it's the best notice I got your
gum your your by fuse with things you
didn't even know you wanted to put on a
skewer just because it's so amazing
right so what do you think of those ones
yeah right very nice I think if I was
trying to impress because it looks more
like something you'd have to pay about I
don't know eight quid for a barn mm-hmm
where is maybe a mint garnish yeah ok
let's yeah you're right you're right oh
thank god some
here is a bear costume thicker than me
so that's not sure I don't know maybe
that one looks a bit twee doesn't it I
was talking about using big mint before
so maybe I need I always end up with
loads of bunches of mint way I've just
got the bottoms left because I've taken
all the nice bits when I'm food styling
okay so maybe something a bit more like
that let's get rid of her hmm that's
obvious Berlin and also just tells you
what's gonna be in it's just nice to
kind of know isn't it yeah I really want
him to balance for you know he wants to
go in it with qcom we know what yeah you
know anything use other through as well
yeah and watch favorite fruit um like
breeze they're not necessarily look so
things like oh i don't know like from
the plum region or like plan X's or
peaches also know that yeah plums would
be really nice I'd probably cook them
down a bit ok so like put them in a pan
with some water and simmer them so
they're nice and soft and then I'd sort
of scoop some of that in with the SERPs
I put a lid on the pan while you're
cooking so it keeps all the juice so you
should have loads of them lemon juice
and then you don't need to UM stone them
really because when you Wiz it up then
you can just fish out the stones yeah
that would be really nice probably I
don't know how the mint would work with
plums what do you think maybe a bit I
don't know yeah yeah so maybe not the
min but vodka definitely cinnamon in it
with plum that would be nice I've it
really nice Christmas uterus so some
powdered cinnamon in when you go and
then you could serve it with a lovely
like cinnamon stick across the top or
something as a stirrer oh yeah bass is
like a Christmas Day cocktail to me yeah
frust frust around the glass with the
cinnamon sugar mix or something blue yes
it's got sort of a donut feel as well
you know like kind of plunge a me like
cinnamon-sugar like some sort of Tarou
right when you see that in the next good
condition you might not make credit hmm
I thanks no it came from okay yeah wait
that's my thing also from a garnish
point of view I'm thinking and what
would be nice would work really well
with it would be like me releasing rib
like a spring red carrots or something
cuz you get with the green and the
leaves just you know I'm just just
saying ya know especially at
Christmastime cuz you get sort of the
red greenie kind of yeah it's like why
of the white of the thing yeah yeah it's
sort of like a crazy elf or something
you could call it that if you had like
her yeah that's and you will see that
next Christmas is letting me ok ok cool
thanks guys right thank you thank you
thank you
you